# Legal notice

**This page describes the legal instructions which apply to every Internet-user visiting this site. In consulting this site you undertake to respect these instructions without reservation. We advise you to consult these instructions regularly, as they may be modified from time to time and without notice.**

## 1\. Intellectual property

The www.sanofi.com website (hereinafter the “site”) is owned and operated by SANOFI WINTHROP INDUSTRIE, belonging to Groupe Sanofi. The presentation and each of the elements, including trademarks, logos and domain names appearing on the site are protected by intellectual property laws and (i) are held by SANOFI WINTHROP INDUSTRIE or its subsidiaries or (ii) are held by third parties and are subject to an authorization of use granted to SANOFI WINTHROP INDUSTRIE by their owners, including those listed in Article 10 below.

No material from the site may be copied, reproduced, modified, republished, uploaded, distorted, transmitted or distributed in any manner or in any medium, in part or in whole, without the prior written consent of SANOFI WINTHROP INDUSTRIE, except strictly for the purposes of the press and subject to the respect of intellectual property rights and any other proprietary right that is mentioned. Only copying for private usage is permitted for your personal, private and non-commercial use, on your personal computer or through sharing tools offered on the site.

The following notice shall appear on all copies authorized in whole in or in part of the site’s content: “COPYRIGHT SANOFI 2004-2025. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.”

Elements composing or contained in the site authorized for use may not be distorted, modified or altered in any way.

Sanofi or its subsidiaries reserve the right to take legal action against any counterfeit of its intellectual property rights.

## 2\. Nature of information

The information, notably financial information, provided on the site shall not be considered as an invitation to invest. They shall not be interpreted as canvassing or public offering, and do not constitute either an offer to subscribe, purchase, or deal in Sanofi shares or any other securities issued by Sanofi and/or its subsidiaries. SANOFI WINTHROP INDUSTRIE draws your attention to the fact that financial information posted on the site are regularly updated.

As the case may be, expert opinions concerning a particular area in relation with the content of the site shall be posted on the site, or extracts from press articles. Such information represents only the opinions of the respective experts or of the newspaper, which opinions are not necessarily those of the Sanofi Group. Such experts are not employees of the Sanofi Group and do not receive any compensation from SANOFI WINTHROP INDUSTRIE for the use of their opinion. SANOFI WINTHROP INDUSTRIE is not responsible for the accuracy or completeness of any information or opinions set forth in such materials. Expert advice reflects only the personal view of that expert, and in no case shall it be regarded as the opinion or responsibility of SANOFI WINTHROP INDUSTRIE.

Moreover, the site contains information relating to health, fitness, the medical domain and various kinds of medical treatment reserved exclusively for use by human beings. This is for information purposes only and is not meant to be a substitute for the advice provided by your own physician or pharmacist. You should not use the information contained herein for diagnosing any illness or physical problem or in order to prescribe or use any medication presented on the site. You should always consult your own physician or pharmacist.

## 3\. Links to other sites

The responsibility of SANOFI WINTHROP INDUSTRIE will not be called into account with regard to any third-party site to which you may have gained access via the site. We have no way of controlling the content of these third-party sites which remain totally independent of SANOFI WINTHROP INDUSTRIE. In addition, the existence of a link between the site and any third party site in no way implies that SANOFI WINTHROP INDUSTRIE in any way approves of the content of this site, or, moreover, any use to which such content may be put.

Furthermore, it is your responsibility to take the necessary precautions to prevent the site being contaminated by, including, but not limited to, one or more “viruses”, “Trajan horses” or any other “parasites”.

External sites may contain hyperlinks leading to the site. Any such hyperlink shall not be installed without SANOFI WINTHROP INDUSTRIE's express prior consent. In any case, SANOFI WINTHROP INDUSTRIE is in no way responsible for the unavailability of such external sites and SANOFI WINTHROP INDUSTRIE does not review, control, approve, nor is it responsible for any content, advertising, products or other materials available on or accessible via those sites.

## 4\. Privacy, Protection of Personal Data and Confidential Information

### 4.1 Privacy and protection of Personal Data

SANOFI fully understands the importance of privacy and the protection of personal data in the digital era and is committed to ensure an adequate level of data protection for all persons with whom Sanofi has dealings. We invite you to read [Sanofi Global Privacy Policy](https://www.sanofi.com/en/privacy-and-data-protection) to get more information about Sanofi’s global practices to ensure an adequate protection of personal data.

SANOFI WINTHROP INDUSTRIE is data controller for the processing of personal data collected through this website.

SANOFI WINTHROP INDUSTRIE:

82 Avenue Raspail 94250 Gentilly

France

Tel.: +33 (0)1 53 77 40 00

SANOFI WINTHROP INDUSTRIE is a public company with capital of €266 148 864, registered with the RCS of Créteil under the number 775 662 257 (SIREN).

### 4.2 The site is not designed to receive any confidential information which you may submit

Consequently, and except for the personal data mentioned above, any information in whatever form - documents, data, graphics, questions, suggestions, concepts, remarks or other - which you communicate on the website will in no way be deemed confidential. Consequently, the mere transmission by you gives us the right to use, reproduce, distribute, modify or transmit this information in order to process your request.

## 5\. Limitations of liability

SANOFI WINTHROP INDUSTRIE makes every effort to ensure to the best of its abilities the accuracy and updating of the information broadcast on the site, whose content the company reserves the right to change at any time and without prior notice. Nonetheless, SANOFI WINTHROP INDUSTRIE cannot fully guarantee the accuracy, precision, updating or exhaustiveness of the information made available on the site.

As a result, and with the exception of direct damage resulting from willful misconduct or gross negligence by SANOFI WINTHROP INDUSTRIE, the latter cannot be held liable for:

- any imprecision, inaccuracy or omission relative to the information provided on the site;
- any damage resulting from fraudulent intrusion by a third party leading to the modification of the information or materials provided on the site;
- in a more general way, any damage, direct or indirect, regardless of its cause, origin, nature or consequences, even whilst SANOFI WINTHROP INDUSTRIE has been aware of the possibility of such damage, whether it be the result of (i) access or inability to access the site, (ii) the use of the site, including any damage or virus which may infect your computer system or any other product, and/or (iii) credit given to any information provided directly or indirectly by the site

The materials in the site and all other sites are provided “as is”, without any kind of warranty, whether express or implied. SANOFI WINTHROP INDUSTRIE does not offer any express or implied warranty relative without limitation to their merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose.

## 6\. Availability of the web site

You acknowledge that (i) it is technically impossible that the site will be provided free of defaults and that SANOFI WINTHROP INDUSTRIE cannot take any responsibility for this, (ii) that defaults may lead to the temporary unavailability of the site, and that (iii) the operation of the site may be adversely affected by conditions and performances outside SANOFI WINTHROP INDUSTRIE's control, such as, for example, transmission and telecommunication links between SANOFI WINTHROP INDUSTRIE and you and between SANOFI WINTHROP INDUSTRIE and other systems and networks.

SANOFI WINTHROP INDUSTRIE and/or its suppliers may, at any time, temporarily or in permanently modify or interrupt, all or part of the site in order to perform maintenance work and/or make improvements and/or changes to the site. SANOFI WINTHROP INDUSTRIE is not liable for any modification to or suspension or interruption of the site.

## 7\. Information on the products

The information contained and broadcast on the site may contain direct or indirect references to products, programs and services of the Sanofi Group which are not proposed or available in certain countries or regions, or which may be offered under a different trademark, and which may be subject to different regulations and conditions of use according to the country. Such references do not imply any intention on the part of the Sanofi Group to sell these products, programs or services in your country. Please consult the local Sanofi Group subsidiary or your Sanofi Group commercial partner for any information concerning the products, programs and services which are available in your region / country.

## 8\. Legal framework

The site and its content are governed by the Laws of France. Any possible litigation referring to the site and its content will come under the competence of French Courts.

## 9\. Legal notice

### 9.1 Site Editor

SANOFI WINTHROP INDUSTRIE:

82 Avenue Raspail 94250 Gentilly

France

Tel.: +33 (0)1 53 77 40 00

SANOFI WINTHROP INDUSTRIE is a public company with capital of €266 148 864, registered with the RCS of Créteil under the number 775 662 257 (SIREN).

### 9.2 Publishing Director

Audrey Derveloy

CEO of SANOFI WINTHROP INDUSTRIE

### 9.3 Site hosting

Microsoft Nederland B.V.

Evert van de Beekstraat 354

1118 CZ Schiphol (Amsterdam)

The Netherlands

http://www.microsoft.com/nl-nl

Microsoft Nederland B.V. is part of Microsoft Corporation,

1 Microsoft Way,

98052 Redmond, Washington, USA.

## 10\. Social Networks – Terms of use

This section describes SANOFI WINTHROP INDUSTRIE social media community guidelines which apply to users interacting with SANOFI WINTHROP INDUSTRIE global social media channels. In using these channels, users undertake to respect these instructions without reservation. Sanofi advises users to consult these instructions regularly, as they may be modified from time to time and without prior notice.

These instructions complement the Terms and conditions for Twitter, LinkedIn, YouTube, Facebook and Instagram. By interacting with the SANOFI WINTHROP INDUSTRIE global social media channels accounts (as defined hereto), users agree to abide by these terms as well as theTwitter, LinkedIn, YouTube, Facebook and Instagram Terms and conditions.

### 10.1 Definitions

**SANOFI WINTHROP INDUSTRIE global social media channels** : @Sanofi on Facebook, Instagram, LinkedIn, TikTok, YouTube and X.

**Interaction**: Any interaction with the SANOFI WINTHROP INDUSTRIE global social media channels, such as commenting on a post, sending a direct message , following SANOFI WINTHROP INDUSTRIE global social media channels, liking a post, sharing a post, forwarding or copying a picture/video or any other visual asset through user’s personal or company social media accounts.

**Sanofi Content**: text or multimedia content, published by a SANOFI WINTHROP INDUSTRIE global social media channel.

**Third-party Content**: content published by social media accounts other than those of SANOFI WINTHROP INDUSTRIE.

### 10.2 Purpose of SANOFI WINTHROP INDUSTRIE global social media channels

SANOFI WINTHROP INDUSTRIE global social media channels are targeted towards a global audience and intended to share public, institutional information (hereafter referred to as “Sanofi Content”) about Sanofi, company’s activities, or associated projects and initiatives.

As SANOFI WINTHROP INDUSTRIE operates in a highly regulated industry, the type of information and content which can be shared and discussed through these channels is limited. Sanofi Content published via these channels may contain information or details regarding some of SANOFI WINTHROP INDUSTRIE activities that are not available or accessible in every country. For question(s) about Sanofi activities or its products in a specific country, users should contact their local Sanofi office.

### 10.3 Interacting with SANOFI WINTHROP INDUSTRIE global social media channels

By interacting with SANOFI WINTHROP INDUSTRIE global social media channels, users grant SANOFI WINTHROP INDUSTRIE a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free license (with the right to sublicense) to use, copy, reproduce, process, adapt, modify, publish, transmit, display and distribute such Third-party content in any and all media or distribution methods now known or later developed, for the duration of the protection of intellectual property. In that respect, the user guarantees SANOFI WINTHROP INDUSTRIE that he/she has, or has obtained, all consents, licenses, rights, or permissions necessary to grant such rights to SANOFI WINTHROP INDUSTRIE and that such content do not infringe any intellectual property rights or any proprietary rights of any third party.

If a user publishes a post tagging SANOFI WINTHROP INDUSTRIE global social media channels through their personal or professional social media channels, Sanofi has the right to un-tag itself, or to relay the content over social media without giving prior notice to the user. Relaying Third-party Content on SANOFI WINTHROP INDUSTRIE global social media channels could be in the form of functionalities native to the platform (for example, “like”, “comment”, “share”) and these functionalities might change over time without prior notice.

The Sanofi Content may not be copied, reproduced, modified, republished, uploaded, distorted, transmitted or distributed in any manner or in any medium, in part or in whole, without the prior written consent of SANOFI WINTHROP INDUSTRIE, except strictly for the purposes of using the SANOFI WINTHROP INDUSTRIE global social media channels, and subject to the respect of intellectual property rights and any other proprietary right that is mentioned.

Users can copy Sanofi Content for their own private and non-commercial usage, on their personal computer, mobile device, or through sharing tools offered on the site and social media channels.

Any right not expressly granted to the user by these terms remains the right of SANOFI WINTHROP INDUSTRIE or the respective rights holders.

We draw users’ attention to the fact that all Internet users can access the information they publish on SANOFI WINTHROP INDUSTRIE global social media channels such information is therefore considered to be public information.

#### Language of Interaction

SANOFI WINTHROP INDUSTRIE global social media channels are intended for a worldwide audience. The primary language is English, but other languages may be used. In the event users communicate with the SANOFI WINTHROP INDUSTRIE social media channels in another language than English, SANOFI WINTHROP INDUSTRIE cannot guarantee that users will receive a response.

#### Guidelines on interacting with SANOFI WINTHROP INDUSTRIE global social media channels

SANOFI WINTHROP INDUSTRIE welcomes feedback and ideas from all users of SANOFI WINTHROP INDUSTRIE global social media channels and endeavors to respond whenever and wherever possible. However, SANOFI WINTHROP INDUSTRIE is not able to reply individually to all comments and messages received over its global social media channels.

Interaction on SANOFI WINTHROP INDUSTRIE global social media channels are governed by the following guidelines. Without prior notice, SANOFI WINTHROP INDUSTRIE reserves the right to block and report a user’s activity to authorities, delete posts, graphics, comments, videos, photos, or any other content that falls under the following categories but is not limited to:

- Promoting or calling for violence towards any segment of the society
- Potential defamation or libel
- Violating copy rights or intellectual property rights
- Promoting illegal activity
- Sharing any misleading or fraudulent information
- Using language that is not appropriate (abusive, discriminatory or harassing)
- Sharing medical advice, treatments or offering medicines or medical devices to other followers
- Advertising a company/business or any product/brand
- Sharing content unrelated to the post under which it appears
- Repetitively posting or “spamming’’
- Using SANOFI WINTHROP INDUSTRIE global social media channels in breach of any condition set forth in these terms or applicable laws.

#### Disclaimer

SANOFI WINTHROP INDUSTRIE is not responsible for Interactions of users with the channels, and does not approve or endorse third parties’ Interactions with the channels. SANOFI WINTHROP INDUSTRIE may, at any time, temporarily or permanently, modify, or delete, all or part of the content published on SANOFI WINTHROP INDUSTRIE global social media channels to make improvements and/or changes to the account. To the full extent possible by law, SANOFI WINTHROP INDUSTRIE will not be responsible nor liable for any damages directly resulting from user’s use, or inability to use, the content published on SANOFI WINTHROP INDUSTRIE global social media channels.

Messages, texts, images as well as any other contribution made on SANOFI WINTHROP INDUSTRIE global social media channels shall not be considered as an invitation to invest. They shall not be interpreted as canvassing or public offering and do not constitute either an offer to subscribe, purchase or deal in Sanofi shares or any other securities issued by Sanofi and/or its Affiliates.

#### Third parties’ activities

SANOFI WINTHROP INDUSTRIE does not approve or endorse any third parties’ Interactions with SANOFI WINTHROP INDUSTRIE global social media accounts or more generally any information and content posted by third parties on these channels even when they relate to its products or activities, nor does it guarantee their accuracy. Caution should be used before relying on any particular statements or opinions expressed by a third party. The SANOFI WINTHROP INDUSTRIE global social media accounts may follow other social media accounts and like, comment or share content posted by these third parties. Such Interactions shall not be considered as an endorsement of those media accounts or of their activities, unless otherwise expressly confirmed in writing. SANOFI WINTHROP INDUSTRIE shall not be held responsible for the activity of the social media accounts it follows, or from which it selects to engage with through its social media channels. Moreover, the posting of an external web link by the SANOFI WINTHROP INDUSTRIE global social media channels directing towards a third-party’s social media channel, website or content shall not be considered as an endorsement and SANOFI WINTHROP INDUSTRIE should not be held liable if the content of these websites changes over time.

#### Personal Data and Information

Your personal data will be processed under the responsibility of SANOFI WINTHROP INDUSTRIE in order to :

- Monitor and improve Sanofi online activity and performance on social media
- Monitor accordingly pharmacovigilance cases on social media.

In order to achieve this purpose, your profile picture, username, and status that mention Sanofi or Sanofi’s products, will be processed, on the basis of Sanofi legitimate interests.

Your data will be processed in a confidential and secure way and their authorized recipients only are :

- Sanofi contractors
- Sanofi employee in charge of pharmacovigilance, compliance, communications or any other department.

Your data may be transferred outside of the European Economic Area. In such a case, Sanofi implements adequate safeguards such as the Standard Contractual Clauses.

Your data will be kept only for the necessary time to achieve the above mentioned purpose, and in any case, no longer than 2 years.

You can have an overall on how Sanofi processes personal data by visiting [Sanofi Global Privacy Policy here](https://www.sanofi.com/en/privacy-and-data-protection).

According to applicable data protection law, you may have the rights to:

- Access your personal data
- Ask for the rectification or erasure of your personal data
- Restrict their processing or object to

In order to exercise these rights, please [click here](https://www.sanofi.com/en/data-protection-contact).

If you deem that your rights have not been respected, you have the right to lodge a complaint to the data protection authority in your country.

#### Governing law and disputes

These terms shall be governed, construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of France, without regard to principles of conflict of laws. Any claim or dispute arising between a user and SANOFI WINTHROP INDUSTRIE in connection with these terms shall be resolved through an amicable solution (users can contact us at [here](https://www.sanofi.com/en/contact)). In case no amicable solution is reached between the parties, the dispute shall be decided exclusively by a court of competent jurisdiction located in France.

## 11\. Credits / Register trademarks

- Apple®, the Apple® logo, iPhone®, iPod touch® and App Store® are trademarks of Apple Inc. registered in the United States of America and other countries.
- Trademarks and logos Google®, YouTube® and g+® are trademarks of Google Inc. registered in various countries.
- Flickr® trademarks and logos are registered trademarks on behalf of Yahoo! Inc. in various countries.
- LinkedIn® trademarks and logos are registered trademarks in the United States of America and/or in other countries in the name of LinkedIn Corporation or its affiliated companies.
- All SlideShare® trademarks and logos are registered to SlideShare, Inc. in the United States of America and/or other countries.
- Twitter® trademarks and logos are Twitter Inc. brands, registered in various countries.

The use of some of these brands on the website does not imply that their respective owners approve the contents of the website. These third parties are and remain totally independent of SANOFI WINTHROP INDUSTRIE.